1. npm init 

(Node Package Manager)
it helps us to create and maintain our projects and it 
aslo helps us to downlaod many libraries which which
we going to use in our project, and npm has stored all those libraries just we have to tell npm that this library we want in out project.

-->> when you initiate npm init it will give you somthing like this:

-------------------------
This utility will walk you through creating a package.json file.
It only covers the most common items, and tries to guess sensible defaults.

See `npm help init` for definitive documentation on these fields
and exactly what they do.

Use `npm install <pkg>` afterwards to install a package and
save it as a dependency in the package.json file.

Press ^C at any time to quit.
------------------------
after this we complete the process and at last after
typing yes, automatically a json file will be created
in that particular folder in which you have initiated the npm.

after this you can add and start argument in thr script
part and mention your server file name on which server
exist, so now you can run your server just by writing 
npm start.

2. npm packages

1. npm: Node.js package manager for code sharing.
2. Package: Reusable code or library.
3. package.json: Defines package metadata and dependencies.
4. Versioning: Manages different package versions.
5. Local/Global: Install packages locally or globally.
6. Registry: Public storage for open-source packages.
7. Examples: Express, React, Lodash.

-----------------
npm install <package-name>

1. --save: Adds the package to the project’s
dependencies in package.json.

2. --save-dev: Adds the package to the project’s
devDependencies (used only in development) in package.json.

3. -g: Installs the package globally, making it
available system-wide, not just in a specific project.

4. --save-exact: Installs the exact version specified
without updating for newer versions.

5. --force: Forces npm to fetch and install packages
even if they are already installed.
---------------

nodemon--->>
we uses this, jisse ham apne server man koi bi changes 
kre to ye use apne aap monitor krke server main changes
krta rhe. 

(npm install nodemon --save-dev)

usne 30 package downlaod kre hai kyuki nodemon kehta haiki muje mera kaam krne ke lia jo jo chize chaiye 
vo ami sab sath leke chlta hu, unke bina mai kaam 
nhi kr paunga 

--- Now, using nodemon

hame nodemon ko properply use krne ke lia globally 
install krna padega verna to vo nhi chlega jaise ham use chahte hai.
